as her name suggests, Belle is indeed lovely. She's also sweet, kind, gentle and as bright as the stars on a moonless night. She adores her father. And she simply loves to read good books and dreams of being part of the adventures those printed pages depict.

There's only one problem: Belle's long list of terrific character qualities make her something of a misfit in in her little provincial town. In fact, the townspeople see her as flat-out peculiar. Why would anyone bother with all that reading and dreaming and the like, they say, when she could just settle down and be happy? Or at least make some guy happy?

Like Gaston, for instance.

Gaston is a lantern-jawed brute who's regularly fawned over by all the other young women in town. And in his mind, deservedly so. Why, just look at his smile, those muscles, those twinkling eyes. Even Gaston's old army companion, LeFou, can't help but sing Gaston's praises. And he's a guy.

Of course, the most handsome and desirable man in town naturally gravitates toward the most beautiful and desirable woman. And that would be Belle. Gaston is determined to take her as his wife. And once they're married, well, he'll cure Belle of her passion for reading and dreaming and all that silly stuff. Belle, however, isn't interested. She'd rather care for her loving Papa, the town's clocksmith, and wait to see what possibilities the future might hold for her rather than take up with an empty-headed lug like Gaston.

But none of that matters much, it would seem, in light of recent events. While her father was off trying to sell his mechanical devices in the nearest city, some wickedness must have befallen him: His horse returned without him.

In a panic, Belle goads Papa's old-but-smart horse to take her to her father, wherever he may be. And the animal carries her to the gates of a gloomy, obviously forgotten castle. What could have happened to this overgrown old place? And why doesn't anyone in the village even know it's there?

Inside the strange, crumbling fortress she finds a cell. And inside that cell she finds her father. "Go away, Belle!" the old gent cries. "Forget about me. I'm lost to you" But Belle could never just walk away from her beloved Papa. "Everything I am is because of you," she tells him.

Besides, it's too late.

The surly owner of this enchanted castle has heard the commotion and storms into the shadow-cloaked dungeon. With bared teeth and an angry roar, he makes the facts clear: Papa has trespassed and unwisely tried to pluck a rose from his property, and a price must be paid. If Belle wants to take his place, so be it. But someone will be the lifelong prisoner of … the Beast!
